Update release notes for backports (#4144)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/changelog.md

## Release v5.29 - [Quality Release](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/research-and-development/product/release-process/release-overview)

- **v5.29.1, released 2020-12-03**

>   - Re-enabled the SAML Setting "Use Improved SAML Library (Beta)".

Reviewer: The xmlsec1 implementation is gone now. 0/5 on the exact wording.

```suggestion
  - Disabled the xmlsec1-based SAML library in favor of the re-enabled improved SAML library
```

Reviewer: This obviously applies to all the releases here.
